docs: initial version of `ydbops` reference (#5359)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydbops/_includes/warning.md

{% note info %}

> The `ydbops` utility is in active development. 
> 
> We will do our best to maintain backwards compatibility, but breaking changes may still occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ydbops` utility is under active development. Although backward-incompatible changes are unlikely, they may still occur.
```
